I'm new in electronics but I really like it and enjoy being create with them. I'm really good at following instructions. I don't have clear ideas yet but I guess we can develop together. In general I want to have a neat web based system like a live and cool dashboard for my inventory and sales visually combined together but simple and efficient. I want to be independent from or to internet and use LAMP servers and everything locally and battery powered. Since everyone has a phone and can connect to the same Wifi network, they can enter truck number, seller or buyer, product, description, weight into the system by using simple webpage. I have the LAMP ready. I have the WiFi network ready as well. Help me design a good database to keep track of everything easily. Could you act as an expert in software development and pulp and paper industry expert do design to consider everything we need for each table so we don't have to add things later. Now, I'm going to explain our system so you can design smoother. I make packaging paper called Test liner. For simplifying, let's say 5 width size for each GSM or gram per squared meter which ours is usually 130 GSM. they are 200, 210, 220, 230, 240, 250 cm width. Each reel turned to a roll. We can create QR code to contain a unique id and reel number and other data and to keep track of the roll from after production to put to different building for inventory in stock or loading or sold and sending them out of the factory. We bunch of ESP32-CAM to track QR or rolls. Roll's basic information about the product including "Reel Number", "GSM", "Grade", "Width", "Length", "Breaks", "Comments" and "current_location" and "Status" that production team can enter via web and then generate a QR code and pop up to print the QR code and put it on the roll to track a product with a QR code to be in-stock by default or shipped and sold. With multiple cameras installed in different locations 'zone' we should be able to track the product and if moved to different zone, update database of where the product is located in the building. If product gets sold and needs to be shipped out, we should be able to enter customer info and roll info to fill out as an order for loading. We have to also enter truck info via weight station page to have the truck with tare to get Net weight since each roll weights different and each truck but usually can deliver between 10-12 rolls depending on roll's width per shipment. After recording the order and weight for the truck it should be ready for loading. We can use camera on the Forklift to track the product from zone to loading the truck. As forklift moves products to the truck, update database accordingly and move to truck database. When finish loading, forklift driver should be able to report via the web and confirm shipping list that means it's ready to send to weight station for the final net weight. After we get the net weight from weight station, we should be able to issue packing list and invoice automatically to print to ship out the truck from the factory. I sell them by Kg. we can load each truck up to 24000 kg and average roll weigh is about 2000-2400 kg. as for our raw materials, we buy different types of OCC or old corrugated cartons from different suppliers. Please keep in mind every truck has to be weight by station to know net and gross weight. We also by additives and chemicals as raw material by kg. I want to keep track of all inputs (raw material) and outputs (rolls). I want to be able to enter the price or payments to oversea the sales and be able to have a good estimate of sales, profit, daily, weekly, monthly usages. work flow: A roll has been made. A production member will enter all roll's details in the system. As default status will be In-Stock and current location will be Production. Now we have truck at entrance. We can either choose for database drivers who previously has been here or we can add details to register the truck info in our db. We can assign either Incoming or Outgoing to truck status to know. Then We can send the truck to the weight station for initial weighting. Depending on Incoming or Outgoing we will enter loaded or unloaded weight. Now, We can fill out a form and choose width and then from status In-Stock we should be able to pick between 12-14 rolls and assign it to customer and a truck. Then we can change status for those rolls from In-Stock to Sold. At this point forklift driver should able to go to a page a choose from Incoming or Outgoing trucks and then see the list of rolls for that truck to start loading. When camera on the forklift reads QR code, the status will be changed to loading and waits for forklift driver to hit loaded button on the screen to change status to Loaded and current location can be truck's license number. When loading is finished, weight station can update the loaded weight in the system. We can issue a final invoice with Net weight and truck details and we can issue shipping list and updated rolls status to Shipped. This is once cycle. . Now, if truck comes to the door with a load that means it's a supply and will be treated differently of course but weight and unloading and recording the net weight so we can pay the supplier.
